[dag] DAG examples improvements (#184)
osukhoroslov/dslab: examples/dag-demo/README.md

```

The program will simulate the DAG execution using all supported scheduling algorithms and will output the obtained 
DAG execution times (makespans).

Use this command to see additional options:

```
cargo run --release -- -h
```

If you enable saving of trace logs you can later visualize them using the [dag-draw](../../tools/dag-draw) tool.

## Sample DAGs

1. Small examples in experimental format supported by DSLab DAG (YAML format)
   - `diamond.yaml`
   - `map-reduce.yaml`
2. Random DAGs generated with [DAGGEN](https://github.com/frs69wq/daggen) (DOT format)
   - `daggen-*.dot` files
3. Synthetic DAGs based on scientific workflows generated with [Workflow Generator](https://github.com/pegasus-isi/WorkflowGenerator) (DAX format)
   - `cybershake-100.xml`
   - `inspiral-100.xml`
4. Real DAGs describing executions of scientific workflows from [WfCommons](https://wfcommons.org/instances) project (JSON format)
   - `1000genome-chameleon-16ch-250k-001.json`
   - `epigenomics-chameleon-ilmn-2seq-50k-001.json`
   - `montage-chameleon-dss-125d-001.json`

### YAML format

The experimental YAML format uses the following unit conventions:

> - task size (flops) is specified in Gflops (floating point operations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- task size (flops) is specified in Gflop/s (floating point operations)
```

Author: Нет, здесь именно Gflops - число операций, а Gflop/s это число операций в секунду (производительность)
Аналогия - bits и bit/s

- task memory demand is specified in MB 
- input/output data sizes are specified in MB 

## Sample Systems

System configurations are described in YAML format using the following unit conventions:

> - resource speed is specified in GFLOPS

Author: это такая привычка у меня скорость обозначать заглавными а число операций строчными, переименовал везде GFLOPS в Gflop/s чтобы было понятнее
